show:-:null,null:-:No argument required. Displays every element of the dataset
help:-:null,null:-:No argument required. Displays this message
reorder:-:null,null:-:No argument required. Displays every element of the dataset in reverse order of the current sorting
info:-:null,null:-:No argument required. Displays the information about the dataset (type of dataset, creation date, number of elements)
add:-:Vehicle,null:-:No argument required. Building command. Adds pre-built element to dataset
add_if_max:-:Vehicle,null:-:No argument required. Building command. If the element is greater that the greatest element in the dataset, it is added to dataset
remove_greater:-:Vehicle,null:-:No argument required. Building command. Removes all the elements from the dataset greater than the given one. Does not delete elements not created by this user
remove_by_id:-:null,Integer:-:Required argument - ID(integer). Removes an element with the given ID, if one exists. Does not delete elements not created by this user
update:-:Vehicle,Integer:-:Required argument - ID(integer). Building command. Updates the element with the given ID, if one exists. Does not alter elements not created by this user
print_ascending:-:null,null:-:No argument required. Displays every element sorted by EnginePower, then by FuelConsumption, then by ID
print_field_ascending_fuel_type:-:null,null:-:No argument required. Displays only ID and FuelType of every element, sorted by FuelType, then by ID
clear:-:null,null:-:No argument required. Clears the dataset. Does not delete elements not created by this user
exit:-:null,null:-:No argument required. Ends the session. Collection is saved
execute_script:-:null,String:-:Required argument - path(string). Opens file and executes commands from it
/stop:-:null,null:-:No argument required. Interrupts building process. Works only during element building
filter_by_fuel_consumption:-:null,Long:-:Required argument - fuelConsumption(long). Filters the collection, leaving elements that match given value